charset,UTF-8
type,shell

name,default
craftman,SmokyCinnamonRoll
craftmanw,SmokyCinnamonRoll

seriko.alignmenttodesktop,free
seriko.use_self_alpha,1

sakura.bindgroup2.name,socks,short - orange
sakura.bindgroup2.default,0
sakura.bindgroup3.name,socks,short - yellow
sakura.bindgroup3.default,0
sakura.bindgroup4.name,socks,short - red
sakura.bindgroup4.default,0
sakura.bindgroup5.name,socks,short - deep blue
sakura.bindgroup5.default,0
sakura.bindgroup6.name,socks,short - dark blue
sakura.bindgroup6.default,0

sakura.bindgroup7.name,socks,long - orange
sakura.bindgroup7.default,0
sakura.bindgroup8.name,socks,long - yellow
sakura.bindgroup8.default,0
sakura.bindgroup9.name,socks,long - red
sakura.bindgroup9.default,0
sakura.bindgroup10.name,socks,long - deep blue
sakura.bindgroup10.default,0
sakura.bindgroup11.name,socks,long - dark blue
sakura.bindgroup11.default,0

sakura.bindgroup12.name,shoes,orange
sakura.bindgroup12.default,0
sakura.bindgroup13.name,shoes,yellow
sakura.bindgroup13.default,0
sakura.bindgroup14.name,shoes,red
sakura.bindgroup14.default,0
sakura.bindgroup15.name,shoes,deep blue
sakura.bindgroup15.default,0
sakura.bindgroup16.name,shoes,dark blue
sakura.bindgroup16.default,0

sakura.bindgroup17.name,leg,shorts - orange
sakura.bindgroup17.default,0
sakura.bindgroup18.name,leg,shorts - yellow
sakura.bindgroup18.default,0
sakura.bindgroup19.name,leg,shorts - red
sakura.bindgroup19.default,0
sakura.bindgroup20.name,leg,shorts - deep blue
sakura.bindgroup20.default,0
sakura.bindgroup21.name,leg,shorts - dark blue
sakura.bindgroup21.default,0

sakura.bindgroup22.name,leg,pants - orange
sakura.bindgroup22.default,0
sakura.bindgroup23.name,leg,pants - yellow
sakura.bindgroup23.default,0
sakura.bindgroup24.name,leg,pants - red
sakura.bindgroup24.default,0
sakura.bindgroup25.name,leg,pants - deep blue
sakura.bindgroup25.default,1
sakura.bindgroup26.name,leg,pants - dark blue
sakura.bindgroup26.default,0

sakura.bindgroup27.name,shirt,shirt - orange
sakura.bindgroup27.default,0
sakura.bindgroup28.name,shirt,shirt - yellow
sakura.bindgroup28.default,0
sakura.bindgroup29.name,shirt,shirt - red
sakura.bindgroup29.default,0
sakura.bindgroup30.name,shirt,shirt - deep blue
sakura.bindgroup30.default,0
sakura.bindgroup31.name,shirt,shirt - dark blue
sakura.bindgroup31.default,0

sakura.bindgroup32.name,shirt,business - orange
sakura.bindgroup32.default,0
sakura.bindgroup33.name,shirt,business - yellow
sakura.bindgroup33.default,0
sakura.bindgroup34.name,shirt,business - red
sakura.bindgroup34.default,1
sakura.bindgroup35.name,shirt,business - deep blue
sakura.bindgroup35.default,0
sakura.bindgroup36.name,shirt,business - dark blue
sakura.bindgroup36.default,0

sakura.bindgroup37.name,hoodie,orange
sakura.bindgroup37.default,0
sakura.bindgroup38.name,hoodie,yellow
sakura.bindgroup38.default,0
sakura.bindgroup39.name,hoodie,red
sakura.bindgroup39.default,0
sakura.bindgroup40.name,hoodie,deep blue
sakura.bindgroup40.default,0
sakura.bindgroup41.name,hoodie,dark blue
sakura.bindgroup41.default,0

sakura.bindoption0.group,leg,mustselect

sakura.menu,auto

kero.bindgroup6.name,bow,blue
kero.bindgroup6.default,0
kero.bindgroup7.name,bow,pink
kero.bindgroup7.default,0
kero.bindgroup8.name,bow,red
kero.bindgroup8.default,0
kero.bindgroup9.name,bow,white
kero.bindgroup9.default,0

kero.bindgroup11.name,tail bow,blue
kero.bindgroup11.default,0
kero.bindgroup12.name,tail bow,pink
kero.bindgroup12.default,0
kero.bindgroup13.name,tail bow,red
kero.bindgroup13.default,0
kero.bindgroup14.name,tail bow,white
kero.bindgroup14.default,0

kero.bindgroup16.name,tie,blue
kero.bindgroup16.default,0
kero.bindgroup17.name,tie,pink
kero.bindgroup17.default,0
kero.bindgroup18.name,tie,red
kero.bindgroup18.default,0
kero.bindgroup19.name,tie,white
kero.bindgroup19.default,0

kero.menu,auto

char2.bindgroup6.name,tail bow,green-ish
char2.bindgroup6.default,0
char2.bindgroup7.name,tail bow,pink
char2.bindgroup7.default,0
char2.bindgroup8.name,tail bow,white
char2.bindgroup8.default,0
char2.bindgroup9.name,tail bow,yellow
char2.bindgroup9.default,0

char2.bindgroup11.name,tie,green-ish
char2.bindgroup11.default,0
char2.bindgroup12.name,tie,pink
char2.bindgroup12.default,0
char2.bindgroup13.name,tie,white
char2.bindgroup13.default,0
char2.bindgroup14.name,tie,yellow
char2.bindgroup14.default,0

char2.menu,auto